docs: Add Karpenter support for Windows docs (#4074)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/concepts/provisioners.md

* If Karpenter encounters a startup taint in the Provisioner it will be applied to nodes that are provisioned, but pods do not need to tolerate the taint.  Karpenter assumes that the taint is temporary and some other system will remove the taint.
* It is recommended to create Provisioners that are mutually exclusive. So no Pod should match multiple Provisioners. If multiple Provisioners are matched, Karpenter will use the Provisioner with the highest [weight](#specweight).

> For some example `Provisioner` configurations, see the [examples here](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some example `Provisioner` configurations, see the [examples [in the Karpenter Github repository](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Do you mind removing the "AWS" section as part of this PR? It's no longer necessary and we should just rip it out now since you are changing this section.
